# Bright Light: Produser Personal Site
Singer / Dj / Music Maker

![cover_brightlight](https://github.com/Moonamee/Bright-Light-Produser-Personal-Site/assets/116831065/78c3ba12-2ad1-420c-adf6-634f6cd4dfa9)

Desktop / Tablet / Mobile

The site includes various sections, news,
information about Bright Lights (singer and
producer), the latest tracks, a gallery, and
information about upcoming events. Each section
has its own unique elements, such as images, text
description, and links. Overall, the portfolio
site is designed to showcase Bright Lights' work
and accomplishments, as well as provide
information and entertainment for site
visitors.


This site is the music website of an artist
called "Bright Lights".

1. The site has the following structure: The
header contains the artist's logo, the main menu
with links to the sections of the site (Home,
News, About us, Music, Gallery, Tours), and a
block with a player for listening to music.

2. The main content (main) of the site is
divided into several blocks: - News block
(News), which contains cards with news and the
possibility to read the details. - "About Us"
block with a description of the artist and his
achievements. - A block with a quote and a link
to an interview with the artist. - Latest tracks
block, including track cover, player and
playlist with links to tracks. - A block with a
gallery containing images of the artist. - A
block with upcoming events and tours, including
cards with event information and links to
purchase tickets.

3. The site has a responsive design and offers
easy navigation through the sections.

# JavaScript

This site contains the following JavaScript
elements:

1. initialize the AOS (Animate On Scroll)
library by calling the AOS.init() function. This
library allows you to add animation to elements
as the page scrolls.
</p>
<p>
2. Customizing the functionality of the mobile
player. Using JavaScript, set the audio play and
pause functions, display time and audio progress
on the mobile player.

2. Customizing the functionality of the mobile
player. Using JavaScript, set the audio play and
pause functions, display time and audio progress
on the mobile player.

3. Realization of page scrolling functionality
when clicking on menu items. When clicking on a
menu item, the page scrolls smoothly to the
corresponding section.
</p>
<p>
4. Realization of parallax effect for the site
header background. When scrolling the page, the
header background moves at a different speed
than the page scroll speed, creating a depth
effect.

5. Realization of smooth scrolling to the header
section on page load. When the page loads, the
page scrolls smoothly to the header section so
that the user can immediately see the page
content.

6. Realization of the functionality of opening
and closing the container with the news
description when clicking on the "Read more..."
button. When clicking on the "Read more..."
button, the container with the news description
is opened, and when clicking again, it is
closed.

7. Realization of the audio player
functionality. An audio player with the
functions of playback control, volume control
and audio progress display was created.

8. Realization of pop-up window functionality.
Clicking on the text icon opens a pop-up window
with additional information, which can be closed
by clicking outside the window.

9. Playing videos using YouTube API and
displaying videos in a modal window. Clicking on
a video opens a modal window that plays the
video using the YouTube API.
</p>
<p>
10. Implementing an image gallery with the
ability to enlarge an image when clicked. When
you click on an image in the gallery, it is
enlarged for a more detailed view.

11. Using Swiper to create a slider with the
ability to navigate and switch images. Swiper
allows you to create adaptive sliders with
various customizations and transition effects.

12. Adding a shadow effect to a Swiper slider
when the checkbox is activated. When the
checkbox is activated, a shadow effect is added
to the Swiper slider, giving it extra depth.

13. Using Splide to create an event slider with
adaptive display on different devices. Splide
allows you to create event sliders that can be
adapted for different devices and screen
resolutions.

14. Various features to control the visibility
and behavior of page elements. These functions
allow you to control the display and behavior of
elements based on user actions or page state.

This is just a brief description of the
JavaScript elements on this site.
